_drafts/the-winery-dogs-iii.md, before:

---
layout: post
rating: 0
title: The Winery Dogs - III
author: mark
categories:
- review
image: assets/images/screenshot-2023-02-10-at-13-25-02.png
tags: []
featured: false
hidden: false

---
With their debut, released 10 (TEN!) years ago - a bloody great debut - and their second album from 2017 being comparitively *meh*, I was cautious about the 'Dogs' latest. 

This is a band which, on paper, should have all the markings for greatness: Richie Kotzen, he of a ever-productive solo career (and a brief sojourn with Hollywood glamour models Poison), Billy Sheehan, bass maestro who I first knew from his work with Diamon Dave, and of course Mike Portnory, drummer-slut from Dream Theater who seems intent on forming a new group with anyone who breathes in his direction.

Their debut was full to the brim of melodic rockers with parasitic-like hooks, and it was one of, if not THE, favourite album of mine from 2013.

My hopes for this year's III was heightened despite the disappointing Hot Streak, and I was pleasantly surprised.

Opener \`Xanadu\` is typical of their previous deep tracks, while \`Mad World\` that follows is the Winery Dogs at their best - great vocal melodies, music with air in it, and Portnoy/Sheehan showing great chemistry beneath Kotzen's guitar work. It even has a bit of soul/funk to it for fucks sake.

\`Rise\` has some lovely Sheehan bass lines underpinning it throughout, and \`Stars\` is a vehicle for fusion-esque widdling (?) that I could've done without, \`The Vengeance\` a straight forward (for this band, at least) rocker, \`Gaslight\` kicks off with some proper proggy wankery (hurrah), while \`Lorelei\` takes it all down a notch for some nice bluesy feels from everyone.

Kotzen's vocals are, as always, on point, and all three of the blokes shown they're no slouches when it comes to composition and performance. 

Really bloody pleased with what's an almost perfect album. 

Listen to album close \`The Red Wine\` for a good example of the band, with their influences - blues, funk, rock - all coming in bleeding together. Go on.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Mark Bridgeman updated _drafts/the-winery-dogs-iii.md

_drafts/the-winery-dogs-iii.md, after:

---
layout: post
rating: 0
title: The Winery Dogs - III
author: mark
categories:
- review
image: assets/images/screenshot-2023-02-10-at-13-25-02.png
tags: []
featured: false
hidden: false

---
With their debut, released 10 (TEN!) years ago - a bloody great debut - and their second album from 2017 being comparitively _meh_, I was cautious about the 'Dogs' latest.

This is a band which, on paper, should have all the markings for greatness: Richie Kotzen, he of a ever-productive solo career (and a brief sojourn with Hollywood glamour models Poison), Billy Sheehan, bass maestro who I first knew from his work with Diamon Dave, and of course Mike Portnory, drummer-slut from Dream Theater who seems intent on forming a new group with anyone who breathes in his direction.

Their debut was full to the brim of melodic rockers with parasitic-like hooks, and it was one of, if not THE, favourite album of mine from 2013.

My hopes for this year's III was heightened despite the disappointing Hot Streak, and I was pleasantly surprised.

Opener \`Xanadu\` is typical of their previous deep tracks, while \`Mad World\` that follows is the Winery Dogs at their best - great vocal melodies, music with air in it, and Portnoy/Sheehan showing great chemistry beneath Kotzen's guitar work. It even has a bit of soul/funk to it for fucks sake.

\`Rise\` has some lovely Sheehan bass lines underpinning it throughout, and \`Stars\` is a vehicle for fusion-esque widdling (?) that I could've done without, \`The Vengeance\` a straight forward (for this band, at least) rocker, \`Gaslight\` kicks off with some proper proggy wankery (hurrah), while \`Lorelei\` takes it all down a notch for some nice bluesy feels from everyone.

Kotzen's vocals are, as always, on point, and all three of the blokes shown they're no slouches when it comes to composition and performance.

Really bloody pleased with what's an almost perfect album.

Listen to album close \`The Red Wine\` for a good example of the band, with their influences - blues, funk, rock - all coming in bleeding together. Go on.

Find The Winery Dogs online:

* [TheWineryDogs.com](http://www.thewinerydogs.com/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/thewinerydogs)
* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/TheWineryDogs/)
